---
title: "Crypto Wednesday (online edition)"
date: 2022-01-05
location: "Online"
meetupUrl: "https://www.meetup.com/daobrussels/events/282422852/"
going: 63
images:
  - "/images/meetup/2022-01-05.jpg"
---

Crypto Wednesday every first Wednesday of the month from 7pm till 10pm.

Online edition! RSVP to see the zoom link.

To protect everyone’s health, this month’s Crypto Wednesday will occur in the METAVERSE! (well, a zoom call, but with a little bit of imagination…)

We will keep the spirit of previous Crypto Wednesdays and learn, share, discuss… in small groups so you get to personally connect with fellow community members. Nonetheless, we hope to meet you in-person again soon!

- 6:45pm: show up & meet community
Get settled behind your computer, maybe grab a drink or snack, and talk to some of the community members until the event starts.

- 7:00pm: intro & breakout rooms
After a brief rundown of what to expect for the next few hours, we’ll split the call in smaller groups, just like the in-person discussion tables. Each table has a topic and at least one community member that is knowledgeable about the matter. Enjoy learning, discussing, sharing and getting to know each other!
Topics include: why crypto matters, how to buy crypto, development in the ethereum ecosystem, legal side of crypto…

- 7:50pm: short break to stretch the legs, rest the eyes and get refills :)

- 8:00pm: talks
The founder of Satochip will present his company in a yet untitled talk, suspense!
Our community friend Friedger, contributor to bitcoin’s stacks ecosystem, will explain how to “Exchange assets across chains”.
While some concepts may be a little bit technical, this event is meant to be beginner-friendly and inclusive. At the end of each talk, the audience may ask questions.

- 9:00pm: claim POAP & chat
Thanks for joining us! Every participant will be able to claim a “proof of attendance”. It is a digital collectible that shows the world that you attended a DAO Brussels event. (More specifically, the first one to issue a POAP!) Think: keeping the entrance ticket of a Michael Jackson concert, or keeping the boarding pass of a memorable holiday.
Afterwards, you’re free to stick around and keep chatting with the community. We intend to close the call around 10:00pm.

Since this event is online, feel free to share it with people that otherwise wouldn’t be able to attend. Our community is welcome to everyone :)

Contact us on:
- Discord: https://discord.dao.brussels
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/daobrussels
