---
title: "Crypto Wednesday Live NFT Edition @ CC "
date: 2022-04-06
location: "Citizen Corner"
address: "Rue Godefroid Devreese 34, Schaerbeek"
meetupUrl: "https://www.meetup.com/daobrussels/events/283566729/"
going: 47
images:
  - "/images/2022/cw-apr-1.jpg"
  - "/images/2022/cw-apr-2.jpg"
  - "/images/2022/cw-apr-3.jpg"
  - "/images/meetup/2022-04-06.jpg"
---

**NFT Edition** 🚨🎨 With both speakers having multiple NFT launches under their belt, this Crypto Wednesday promises to be an enlightening evening where we unravel the ins and outs of NFTs on both the technical and artistic side.

Crypto Wednesday every first Wednesday of the month from 7pm till 10pm.

We're back at the Citizen Corner in Schaerbeek! No Covid Safe Ticket required.

* 7:00pm: **Welcome**
* 7:10pm: **Conversation Tables**
We'll crowd-source various crypto topics and community knowledge. Grab a chair at one of the many tables, hear and be heard. Example topics: NFTs, DeFi, DAOs, security, blockchain development, legislation, taxes, how to set up a wallet, buy/sell...
If you're new to DAO Brussels and/or want to get involved, feel free to join the welcome table or approach us after the event.
* 8:10pm: **Iva Filipović**
Iva Filipović is an NFT artist working on her project Astro Friends Club, whilst being a full time employee at digital marketing agency Emakina. She will demonstrate how NFTs are made, explain why she chose Solana, what mistakes she made along the way and what the future brings.
* 8:40pm: **Alex Czetwertynski**
Alex Czetwertynski is a visual artist and curator who returned to Belgium after spending 15 years in the US. His focus is spatialized and sculptural media and together with Nicolas Wierinck he's made the leap to NFTs. The duo's first project will be visible (and buyable!) at Art Brussels from April 28 to May 1.
* 9:10pm: **Meet the community**
Get to know what's cooking in the community! Everyone will have the chance to address the crowd for a few minutes, and show what (crypto) projects they're working on, what ideas they have and/or what challenges they face. Afterwards you're free to grab a drink or snack and continue discussing, or even start building ;)

All of this at the Citizen Corner where you can discover the Solarpunk NFT exhibition imagine.brussels.

Please share this event with all of your friends, foes, degens, regens, normies, crypto-skeptics, representatives and even bitcoin maximalists. Our community is welcome to everyone :)

Contact us :

* Discord: [https://discord.dao.brussels](https://discord.dao.brussels)
* Twitter: [https://twitter.com/daobrussels](https://twitter.com/daobrussels)
