---
title: "Crypto Wednesday"
date: 2022-05-04
location: "Citizen Corner"
address: "Rue Godefroid Devreese 34, Schaerbeek"
meetupUrl: "https://www.meetup.com/daobrussels/events/284220113/"
going: 53
images:
  - "/images/2022/cw-may-1.jpg"
  - "/images/2022/cw-may-2.jpg"
  - "/images/2022/cw-may-3.jpg"
  - "/images/meetup/2022-05-04.jpg"
---

Crypto Wednesday every first Wednesday of the month from 7pm till 10pm at the Citizen Corner in Schaerbeek!

* 7:00pm: **Welcome**
Brief overview of DAO Brussels for everybody that doesn't know us yet.
* 7:10pm: **Conversation Tables**
We'll crowd-source various crypto topics and community knowledge. Grab a chair at one of the many tables, hear and be heard. Example topics: NFTs, DeFi, DAOs, security, blockchain development, legislation, taxes, how to set up a wallet, buy/sell...
If you're new to DAO Brussels and/or want to get involved, feel free to join the welcome table or approach us after the event.
* 8:10pm: **Mikhail Djaksigoulov - Complychain**
Mikhail and his partner Marem are compliance consultants in the crypto industry. They love to keep up with the latest regulations, advice banks on crypto transactions and help users with "cashing out". Tonight, they'll help you prepare for the latter, plus how to avoid scams.
* 8:40pm: **Paweł Syrowy - CryptoMayhem**
Not everything in crypto has to be serious, time to play some games! Pawel will present to us CryptoMayhem, a futuristic play-to-earn, top-down shooter being developed in his hometown. He'll sketch some context on the wider trend of crypto games as well. Alien creatures beware.
* 9:10pm: **Meet the community**
Get to know what's cooking in the community! Everyone will have the chance to address the crowd for a few minutes, and show what (crypto) projects they're working on, what ideas they have and/or what challenges they face. Afterwards you're free to grab a drink or snack and continue conversing, or even start building ;)

NOTE: The solarpunk NFTs of the imagine.brussels are still on the walls of the Citizen Corner 👀

Please share this event with all of your friends, foes, degens, regens, normies, crypto-skeptics, representatives and even bitcoin maximalists. Our community is welcome to everyone :)

Contact us :

* Discord: [https://discord.dao.brussels](https://discord.dao.brussels)
* Twitter: [https://twitter.com/daobrussels](https://twitter.com/daobrussels)
