---
title: "Regens Unite Brussels"
date: 2023-05-26
location: "Citizen Corner"
address: "Rue Godefroid Devreese 34, Schaerbeek"
meetupUrl: "https://www.meetup.com/daobrussels/events/293630590/"
going: 10
images:
  - "/images/meetup/2023-05-26.jpg"
---

**A gathering for co-ops, DAOs, climate activists, artists, and citizens to meet, establish new relationships, and unite. 🔅**

You are invited!

... to the second edition of Regens Unite Brussels, where it all started in May 2022.

It's not conference. It's a gathering. A safe and brave space where we can meet each other and unite despite our different perspectives.

Some of us come from tech startups, web3, AI, some of us come from activism, local cooperatives, the world of healing, arts, permaculture, ecovillages, ... What unites us? We all want a new regenerative future, for people, communities and the environment.

It's the opportunity to get out of our respective bubbles, discover new solutions, build new friendships and find out how we can support each other in this journey.

If you are working on or interested in regenerative solutions, either for yourself, your community or your environment, then this is the event to meet and connect with others.

Our hope is that by attending a Regens Unite event, you will build new relationships, learn something new (sometimes outside of your comfort zone), discover new communities, and leave rejuvenated and inspired to build this regenerative future together.

Please get your ticket on eventbrite:
👉 https://www.eventbrite.be/e/regens-unite-brussels-tickets-629039001587

Enjoy a 30% discount with the code DAOBRUSSELS 😊
