---
title: "Crypto Wednesday feat. Dries from fear.io | Halloween Web 3 Games"
date: 2023-11-01
location: "Becentral"
address: "Cantersteen 12, Bruxelles"
meetupUrl: "https://www.meetup.com/daobrussels/events/296422739/"
going: 42
images:
  - "/images/2023/cw-nov-1.jpg"
  - "/images/2023/cw-nov-2.jpg"
  - "/images/meetup/2023-11-01.jpg"
---

On the first Wednesday of every month, the crypto community in Brussels meets *in real life*. This month is no different!

Crypto Wednesdays are organized bottom-up, with a mix of presentations and guided conversations. Everyone has plenty of opportunity to learn, participate, share and ask questions. It's a great way to meet fellow citizens with similar interests. We have beers and sodas, too.
\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-

This month we're back in **BeCentral**, our trusty meeting spot on top of the Brussels Central Station.

We're also welcoming **Dries!** *(Again... turns out rooftop bars, like last month, aren't very suitable for a presentation... who would've thought. 😇)*

Dries is a community & partner lead at Fear.io, and will bring with him plenty of experience in **bridging traditional Web 2 gamers to Web 3**. He will zoom in on the no-hype reasons to augment games with blockchain technology. Fear.io is the perfect example for this because the team has shipped many non-crypto games before. If you're a horror fan, you may have played some of them ;)

More this month, the **Citizen Wallet** team will do another demo and provide the possibility to pay your beers with an **on-chain local currency**. We will continue to refine this experience over the next few months and would love to hear your feedback!

Lastly, to make this Crypto Wednesday eternal, don't forget to claim your **POAP** while you're here. It's a free NFT / badge / sticker / memorabilia that proves you're an active crypto citizen in Brussels.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-
Every month, our participants are a mix of:

* **Crypto Curious**, who have heard about crypto, Bitcoin and blockchain in the news a little too much to not learn about it. Our members can share with you their journey and help you get started.
* **Starters**, who have questions about their wallet, blockchain privacy and security, smart contracts, the latest projects... Perhaps, someone else knows the missing piece that would have taken you hours of reading and watching to figure out.
* **Buidlers** and **developers**, who love to share their insights and help each other. Crypto Wednesdays are a great place to find local partners for your (new) project.
* **DAO Workers**, who live by and enjoy the chaos of web3 every day. You can catch up with fellow DAO workers over a drink, learn how (other) DAOs operate, and help citizens make the jump to a web3 career.

In short, **come as you are, and bring your questions and learnings**. Bring your friends and neighbors too... everyone is welcome, regardless of age, gender, familiarity or ethnicity.

See you soon at BeCentral !

To stay in touch, check out:

* Discord:[ https://discord.dao.brussels](https://discord.dao.brussels)
* Twitter:[ https://twitter.com/daobrussels](https://twitter.com/daobrussels)
* WhatsApp: [https://whatsapp.dao.brussels](https://whatsapp.dao.brussels)

If you have an idea to make Crypto Wednesdays even better, or want to host a workshop, get in touch with us on Discord.

**What is DAO Brussels?**

DAO Brussels is a community at the intersection of *crypto* and *Brussels*. On one hand, we want to provide the citizens of Brussels with many opportunities to (safely) learn about web3, and create friendships over a common interest. On the other hand, we want to get our hands dirty and use blockchain technology to make a positive impact on Brussels. We meet online in Discord, and at least once a month, during our *Crypto Wednesdays*.
