---
title: "Crypto Wednesday"
date: 2024-02-07
location: "Becentral"
address: "Cantersteen 12, Bruxelles"
meetupUrl: "https://www.meetup.com/daobrussels/events/298246615/"
going: 29
images:
  - "/images/2024/cw-feb-1.jpg"
  - "/images/2024/cw-feb-2.jpg"
  - "/images/2024/cw-feb-3.jpg"
  - "/images/2024/cw-feb-4.jpg"
  - "/images/2024/cw-feb-5.jpg"
  - "/images/2024/cw-feb-6.jpg"
  - "/images/2024/cw-feb-7.jpg"
  - "/images/meetup/2024-02-07.jpg"
---

February 7th:
- **Know Your Peers (KYP):** friendly ice-breaker activity to connect with fellow crypto enthusiasts and active citizens
- **Special guest: Michel Bauwens** from P2P Foundation sharing "some ideas on the precise role of crypto infrastructures in the current transition"
\- The stewards will showcase several concrete initiatives that DAO Brussels in working on: **open call for feedback and co-creation**
- **Crypto Bar open**

On the first Wednesday of every month, the crypto community in Brussels meets *in real life*. This month is no different!

Crypto Wednesdays are organized bottom-up, with a mix of presentations and guided conversations. Everyone has plenty of opportunity to learn, participate, share and ask questions. It's a great way to meet fellow citizens with similar interests. We have beers and sodas, too.

💡Doors open at **7:30 PM**. Whoever shows up are the right people. Whenever it starts is the right time to start.

📍**BeCentral**, Cantersteen 12, 1000 Brussels (above Central Station)

Every month, our participants are a mix of:

* **Crypto Curious**, who have heard about crypto, Bitcoin and blockchain in the news a little too much to not learn about it. Our members can share with you their journey and help you get started.
* **Starters**, who have questions about their wallet, blockchain privacy and security, smart contracts, the latest projects... Perhaps, someone else knows the missing piece that would have taken you hours of reading and watching to figure out.
* **Buidlers** and **developers**, who love to share their insights and help each other. Crypto Wednesdays are a great place to find local partners for your (new) project.
* **DAO Workers**, who live by and enjoy the chaos of web3 every day. You can catch up with fellow DAO workers over a drink, learn how (other) DAOs operate, and help citizens make the jump to a web3 career.

In short, **come as you are, and bring your questions and learnings**. Bring your friends and neighbors too... everyone is welcome, regardless of age, gender, familiarity or ethnicity.

See you soon at BeCentral !

To stay in touch, check out:

* Discord:[ https://discord.dao.brussels](https://discord.dao.brussels)
* Twitter:[ https://twitter.com/daobrussels](https://twitter.com/daobrussels)
* WhatsApp: [https://whatsapp.dao.brussels](https://whatsapp.dao.brussels)

If you have an idea to make Crypto Wednesdays even better, or want to host a workshop, get in touch with us on Discord.

**What is DAO Brussels?**

DAO Brussels is a community at the intersection of *crypto* and *Brussels*. On one hand, we want to provide the citizens of Brussels with many opportunities to (safely) learn about web3, and create friendships over a common interest. On the other hand, we want to get our hands dirty and use blockchain technology to make a positive impact on Brussels. We meet online in Discord, and at least once a month, during our *Crypto Wednesdays*.
