---
title: "Crypto Wednesday"
date: 2025-04-02
location: "Commons Hub Brussels"
address: "Rue de la Madeleine 51,, Brussels"
meetupUrl: "https://www.meetup.com/daobrussels/events/306012833/"
going: 12
images:
  - "/images/meetup/2025-04-02.jpg"
pods:
  - ai-agents
  - blue-ocean
  - website
  - tx-info
---

**April 2** is for builders 💪

We have incredible talent in our community and a strong desire to build for common good. Let's put it into action 🚀

The doors of the **Commons Hub** will open at **7:30 PM**. Ring the bell so someone can buzz you in, or better yet, become a member and open the door with the Discord bot 🤓

At **8:00 PM** sharp we start in **plenary**. Tom will briefly explain the intention of the space, and invite the pod hosts to share their topic.

For the **next two hours** you can choose to join one of the following pods. We'll dim the lights and put on ambient music to get you in the collab zone. You're strongly encouraged to **bring your laptop** and a note pad to be able to participate maximally 🎨

🫛 Pod A is a recurring pod hosted by Friedger focusing on **AI agents**. You'll explore Crew AI, work on dao(bar)tender and/or plot an AI Agent hackathon.

🫛 Pod B is a recurring pod hosted by Tom. You'll discover **Web3 data technologies** and ocean based climate action from people with Blue Hearts

🫛 Pod C is a recurring pod hosted by Bruno. You'll shape the future **website of DAO Brussels**, which will support our new event format.

🫛 Pod D is a one-off pod hosted by Xavier. You'll figure out how to annotate any blockchain transaction using **Nostr** with https://txinfo.xyz/

At **10:00 PM** we reconvene in **plenary** to share the highlights of each pod and to celebrate the vibe 🎉 You're welcome to grab a drink and stay around a little longer! Your help with tidying before you leave is greatly appreciated as well ❤️

With the new format we hope to **create strong momentum for builders in Brussels**, while staying true to our accessible ethos. The pods may vary month-to-month and will become increasingly decentralized. If you're going to participate for the first time, rest assured that there will be very friendly people that will help you navigate the topics and the network!

Yours truly,
The stewards of DAO Brussels
Bruno, Dries, Kim, Mariano, Matias, Thomas, Tom, Xavier
