---
title: "Crypto Wednesday"
date: 2025-03-05
location: "Commons Hub Brussels"
address: "Rue de la Madeleine 51,, Brussels"
meetupUrl: "https://www.meetup.com/daobrussels/events/305570163/"
going: 18
images:
  - "/images/meetup/2025-03-05.jpg"
---

Welcome to the new Crypto Wednesdays!

**March 5** marks the first time we transition to a hands-on gathering. 🏗️

We have incredible talent in our community and a strong desire to build for common good. Let's put it into action 🚀

The doors of the **Commons Hub** will open at **7:30 PM**. Ring the bell so someone can buzz you in, or better yet, become a member and open the door with the Discord bot 🤓

At **8:00 PM** sharp we start in **plenary**. Bruno will briefly explain the intention of the space, and invite the pod hosts to share their topic.

For the **next two hours** you can choose to join one of the following pods. We'll dim the lights and put on ambient music to get you in the collab zone. You're encouraged to **bring your laptop** or a note pad 🎨

🫛 Pod A is a one-off pod hosted by Friedger. You'll experiment with **AI agents** in the **Blockchain** universe.

🫛 Pod B is a recurring pod hosted by the **Crypto Kastaar** crew. You'll be able to catch up with the most positive **beer** of Brussels, and contribute to the next step.

🫛 Pod C is a one-off pod hosted by Kevin. You’ll explore allocating a **participatory budget** by simulating how **Brussels Pay** works.

🫛 Pod D is a recurring pod hosted by Bruno. You'll lay the foundation for the **website** of DAO Brussels, which will support our **new event format**.

At **10:00 PM** we reconvene in **plenary** to share the highlights of each pod and to celebrate the vibe 🎉 You're welcome to grab a drink and stay around a little longer! Your help with tidying before you leave is greatly appreciated as well ❤️

With the new format we hope to **create strong momentum for builders in Brussels**, while staying true to our inclusive ethos. The pods may vary month-to-month and will become increasingly decentralized. If you're going to participate for the first time, rest assured that there will be very friendly people that will help you navigate the topics and the network!

Yours truly,
The stewards of DAO Brussels
Bruno, Dries, Kim, Mariano, Matias, Thomas, Tom, Xavier
